hi princesses nice to meet you welcome
in my fantasy world to meet new friends
every time to play and fun today it's
Barbie time the secret diary Barbie your
diary okay let's go
the bracelet the nice pink the whole
information about your diary and your
diary so beautiful
and hello gorgeous
okay let's go
use your breath palette okay
and put these undies
the music okay
easiest Barbies your new tiring so
beautiful Barbie the crying holy pink
and to put your cigarette
wonderful toys thanks Barbie okay close
your diary different sound this is the
secret diary from Barbie it's time to
say goodbye I remember to subscribe
bye-bye